README.md, before:

# Belt Reverse Direction for Dyson Sphere Program

**BETA RELEASE - This mod is still in development, and is entering the testing phase.  If you want reliability, please come back later.  If you want to experiment, please backup your saves.  Testing feedback is appreciated.  If you encounter issues, please leave detailed feedback on how to reproduce the problem [on GitHub here](https://github.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse/issues).  You can also contact me at GreyHak#2995 on the [DSP Modding](https://discord.gg/XxhyTNte) Discord #tech-support channel.**

**Belt Reverse Direction** is a mod for the Unity game Dyson Sphere Program developed by Youthcat Studio and published by Gamera Game.  The game is available on [here](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1366540/Dyson_Sphere_Program/).

To reverse the direction of a conveyor belt, click on any segment of the conveyor belt, and click the reverse button.
![ReverseButton.jpg](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse/master/ReverseButton.jpg)
If you like this mod, please click the thumbs up at the [top of the page](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/) (next to the Total rating).  That would be a nice thank you for me, and help other people to find a mod you enjoy.

If you have issues with this mod, please report them on [GitHub](https://github.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse/issues).  I try to respond within 12 hours.    You can also contact me at GreyHak#2995 on the [DSP Modding](https://discord.gg/XxhyTNte) Discord #tech-support channel..

## Config File -- Nothing yet to configure
The configuration file is called `greyhak.dysonsphereprogram.beltreversedirection.cfg`.  It is generated the first time you run the game with this mod installed.  On Windows 10 it is located at `%PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\Steam\steamapps\common\Dyson Sphere Program\BepInEx\config\greyhak.dysonsphereprogram.beltreversedirection.cfg`.

## Installation
This mod uses the BepInEx mod plugin framework.  So BepInEx must be installed to use this mod.  Find details for installing BepInEx [in their user guide](https://bepinex.github.io/bepinex_docs/master/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html#installing-bepinex-1).  This mod was tested with BepInEx x64 5.4.5.0 and Dyson Sphere Program 0.6.16.5827 on Windows 10.

To manually install this mod, add the `DSPBeltReverseDirection.dll` to your `%PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\Steam\steamapps\common\Dyson Sphere Program\BepInEx\plugins\` folder.

This mod can also be installed using ebkr's [r2modman](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/ebkr/r2modman/) mod manager by clicking "Install with Mod Manager" on the [DSP Modding](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Star_Sector_Resource_Spreadsheet_Generator/) site.

## Open Source
The source code for this mod is available for download, review and forking on GitHub [here](https://github.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse) under the BSD 3 clause license.

## Change Log
### v0.1.0-beta
 - Initial release.

Commit message:

Prep for release from beta

README.md, after:

# Belt Reverse Direction for Dyson Sphere Program

**Belt Reverse Direction** is a mod for the Unity game Dyson Sphere Program developed by Youthcat Studio and published by Gamera Game.  The game is available on [here](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1366540/Dyson_Sphere_Program/).

To reverse the direction of a conveyor belt, click on any segment of the conveyor belt, and click the reverse button.
![ReverseButton.jpg](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse/master/ReverseButton.jpg)
If you like this mod, please click the thumbs up at the [top of the page](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Belt_Reverse_Direction/) (next to the Total rating).  That would be a nice thank you for me, and help other people to find a mod you enjoy.

If you have issues with this mod, please report them on [GitHub](https://github.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse/issues).  I try to respond within 12 hours.    You can also contact me at GreyHak#2995 on the [DSP Modding](https://discord.gg/XxhyTNte) Discord #tech-support channel..

## Config File -- Nothing yet to configure
The configuration file is called `greyhak.dysonsphereprogram.beltreversedirection.cfg`.  It is generated the first time you run the game with this mod installed.  On Windows 10 it is located at `%PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\Steam\steamapps\common\Dyson Sphere Program\BepInEx\config\greyhak.dysonsphereprogram.beltreversedirection.cfg`.

## Installation
This mod uses the BepInEx mod plugin framework.  So BepInEx must be installed to use this mod.  Find details for installing BepInEx [in their user guide](https://bepinex.github.io/bepinex_docs/master/articles/user_guide/installation/index.html#installing-bepinex-1).  This mod was tested with BepInEx x64 5.4.5.0 and Dyson Sphere Program 0.6.16.5831 on Windows 10.

To manually install this mod, add the `DSPBeltReverseDirection.dll` to your `%PROGRAMFILES(X86)%\Steam\steamapps\common\Dyson Sphere Program\BepInEx\plugins\` folder.

This mod can also be installed using ebkr's [r2modman](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/ebkr/r2modman/) mod manager by clicking "Install with Mod Manager" on the [DSP Modding](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/GreyHak/DSP_Star_Sector_Resource_Spreadsheet_Generator/) site.

## Open Source
The source code for this mod is available for download, review and forking on GitHub [here](https://github.com/GreyHak/dsp-belt-reverse) under the BSD 3 clause license.

## Change Log
### v1.0.0
 - Thank you to iskabot and [Appun](https://dsp.thunderstore.io/package/appuns/) and Nordblum on Discord for beta testing.
### v0.1.0-beta
 - Initial release.
